  The patient underwent an examination under
anesthesia, exploratory laparotomy, TAH/BSO and resection of
a pelvic mass on [**2171-3-26**].  Intraoperative findings include
an enlarged uterus with a subserosal fibroid and evidence of
tumor extending to the right lateral rectoperitoneum as well
as centrally and left into the sigmoid and small bowel
mesentery up to the splenic flexure of the colon.  The
anatomic survey was otherwise unremarkable.  There was
subcentimeter periaortic lymph nodes and normal ovaries
bilaterally with 2 liters of bloody ascites in the abdomen.
Estimated blood loss 3 liters.  Secondary to the patient's
blood loss, large amount of ascites and extensive surgery,
the patient was admitted to the Intensive Care Unit for
critical care.  On postoperative day zero her vital signs were
stable.  Her abdomen was
nondistended with only a small amount of drainage from the
inferior aspect of the incision.  The patient's hematocrit
was 27.2, INR 1.2, PTT 28.3, electrolytes were within normal
limits.  The patient at this time had been transferred to the
unit for further monitoring.  She had been given 7 units of
packed red blood cells.  She was in stable condition.
Postoperative day one the patient's vital signs continued to
be stable with adequate urine output overnight.  Her
examination was appropriate postoperatively.

On postoperative day one hemodynamically yesterday's
hematocrit was 27, which improved to 34 after 2 more units of
packed red blood cells.  There is no evidence of ongoing
intraabdominal bleeding.

Fluids, electrolytes and nutrition: the patient had adequate
urine output with no evidence of
fluid overload.  Pain, the patient was on a Dilaudid PCA.  On
postoperative day two the patient was extubated.  Her pain
was controlled. She was tolerating clears.  No nausea or
vomiting.  No chest pain or shortness of breath.  She was
afebrile.  Her vital signs were stable.  She had adequate
urine output.  Her most recent hematocrit was 34.5.  Her
electrolytes were within normal limits.  Her abdomen was
appropriately tender and nondistended.

Renal: her urine output was normal.  Her Foley catheter was
discontinued.  Her creatinine was 0.6.  The patient was
encouraged to ambulate.  Her diet was advanced.

Hematology: patient had 9 units of packed red blood cells, 4
units of fresh
frozen platelets.  Her blood pressure was stable.  Her
hematocrit was 34.5.  Coumadinization was started on
postoperative day two.

Pulmonary, the patient's supplemental oxygen was weaned for
oxygenation of greater then 93%.

On postoperative day three the patient was without
complaints. She was tolerating clears.  The pain was
adequately controlled on 40 mg of OxyContin t.i.d. and
Percocet for breakthrough pain.  Cardiovascularly the patient
has a history of hypertension, which was controlled with
Lasix 40 mg q day.  The patient was deemed stable enough for
discharge to home.