  Chronic obstructive pulmonary
disease/respiratory failure - The patient carries the
diagnosis of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with
multiple admissions and intubations, all of which seemed to
resolve rather quickly once the patient was intubated.  This
one was similar.  Within 24 hours after admission the patient
was easily extubated and did quite well after that, making
great improvement, back to his baseline within two days.  It
was felt that this is not consistent with either an asthma
attack or a true chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
exacerbation or infection.  There is concern that some other
process was causing the patient's acute episodes of shortness
of breath.  In fact, it is not clear the extent of his
respiratory distress when he was intubated in the field,
initially even though he was oxygenating well and had poor
breath sounds at baseline.  The patient was treated with high-
dose steroids initially as well as q. 4 hour nebulizer
inhalers.  However, his lungs have been clear almost
immediately upon admission.  Because of concern that there
might be airway collapse contributing, the patient underwent
a computerized tomography scan which was designed to look for
tracheomalacia.  The computerized tomography scan was
misprotocoled and this could not be evaluated.  There was a
suspicion that there might be left main stem bronchus
collapse during expiration and it was read as probable distal
tracheomalacia.  The patient was provided with a BiPAP
machine and teaching.  He responded very well to this at
nighttime.  It was suggested that he use the BiPAP at
nighttime and as needed when he feels short of breath and his
shortness of breath is not helped by his usual nebulizers.
The hope is that this might prevent him from needing to call
911 and from repeated intubations.  The patient did receive
one dose of Levofloxacin, however, there is no sign of
infection and this antibiotic was discontinued.

Hypotension - The patient was initially hypotensive in the
[**Hospital Unit Name 153**].  This was after receiving Propofol and then other
sedating medications.  He required pressors briefly for
Dopamine which increased his heart rate and made him
tachycardiac.  He was then switched to Levophed.  It was felt
this was all in the setting of sedating medications as well
as ventilator positive end-expiratory pressure as the patient
did not actually appear septic at any time, he has had all of
that quite well and was normotensive once he was extubated,
in fact, on discharge he was restarted on his blood pressure
medications.

Hypertension - The patient has hypertension as an outpatient
at baseline.  His Metoprolol and ACE inhibitor were held.
Initially they were restarted on the day of discharge.

Coronary artery disease - The patient has a coronary artery
disease history.  He was continued on his Aspirin and his
Lipitor during the admission.  In the setting of hypotension,
he did have some hyperacute T waves on electrocardiogram.
His enzymes were cycled and they were negative for
infarction.  As noted, his Metoprolol and ACE inhibitor were
restarted prior to discharge.

Renal failure - Initially the patient presented with elevated
lactate and slightly elevated creatinine but these corrected
quickly with fluids.

Prophylaxis - The patient was continued on a proton pump
inhibitors as well as with heparin subcutaneously while in
the hospital.  He was then ambulatory by the day of
discharge.

Code status - The patient confirmed that he is a full code.