
Patient was admitted to T/SICU from ER for management of his
injuries s/p mechanical fall, which included SAH, L acetabular
fracture, L2L3 transverse process fractures, and thoracolumbar
compression injuries.  Orthopaedics and Neurosurgery were
consulted for these injuries.  Orthopaedics recommended
non-operative management of L hip fracture. Patient was to be
touch-down weight-bearing for 6 weeks and to follow-up in the
[**Hospital 13308**] clinic after this course of time.  Neurosurgery
recommended normalization of his INR and repeat imaging of his
head in 6hours and 24 hours.  No intervention was recommended
for vertebral fractures.  His repeat head CTs revealed no
change.

Patient had unstable respiratory status while in the ICU, which
was felt to be d/t COPD flair.  He was treated with steroids,
CPAP or BiPAP, and Azithromycin.   He experienced some delirium
and sundowning in the unit and geriatrics was consulted and
recommended afternoon haldol rather than standing doses and
tylenol with breakthrough oxycodone rather than morphine
standing.

On HD4 patient had discussion with team regaring desire to be
DNR/DNI and desire for care not to be escalated.  Patient was
weaned to 2L NC and transferred to floor.  Physical therapy and
occupational therapy evaluated the patient and hospice care was
consulted.  Patient had a speech and swallow consult.  1:1
supervision with crushed/pureed foods was recommended.

On HD5 patient became increasingly tachypneic and was
transferred back to the T/SICU for BiPAP.  The decision was made
to transfer patient from surgical intensive care unit to medical
intensive care unit.

During his MICU stay, the patient was placed on Bipap for
hypoxic respiratory failure.  He was placed empirically on
antibiotics and was given IV steroids for a possible COPD
exacerbation.  He remained dyspneic with labored work of
breathing while on Bipap. LENIs were performed, which showed a
new DVT in his lower extremity.  He was thus placed on a heparin
drip.  He went into AFib with RVR and was started on a diltiazem
drip.  He developed increased work of breathing in the setting
of AFib with RVR and eventually expired from cardiopulmonary
arrest.
