  The plan was for a right hemicolectomy. The
patient tolerated the procedure well, however, on transfer to
the floor from the Post Anesthesia Care Unit, the patient was
found to be unresponsive and almost apneic.  On workup, she
was found to be hypercarbic which was presumed to be most
likely due to narcotics from her epidural.  The epidural was
immediately capped and an electrocardiogram, chest x-ray were
done which were essentially within normal limits.  Once the
epidural was capped, the patient's respiratory rate increased
to 30 and she was saturating 91% on 50%.  She had bilateral
crackles at the bases and was tachycardic.

She was brought to the Post Anesthesia Care Unit for more
frequent and closer monitoring.  Her narcotics and epidural
were stopped.  The patient was closely monitored and her
oxygen saturations came up, however, she continued to have
respiratory difficulty and, on repeat blood gases although
there was some improvement, she was found to be acidotic and
still hypercarbic and breathing with difficulty.

Hence, after supportive therapy was maintained for a couple
of hours, the decision was made to intubate the patient and
transfer to the Intensive Care Unit.  She was extubated on
the following day, postoperative day two, tolerated
extubation well.

She had a slight temperature of 101.7 and remained slightly
tachycardic but that was her baseline and her oxygen
saturations remained within normal limits in the mid to low
90s which was around her baseline.  Her temperature came down
on its own.  The patient was transferred to the floor on
postoperative day number two.

On postoperative day number three, the patient did well.
However, that evening she awoke short of breath, denied any
chest pain, tingling in her arms, nausea, vomiting or
dizziness.  She was saturating 94% on four liters.  She did
have crackles at the bases bilaterally and some rhonchi.  The
decision was made to give her some Lasix in which case she
quickly responded and shortness of breath dissipated.
Another electrocardiogram was done which again was within
normal limits.

The patient did well the following.  Vital signs were all
stable.  She was saturating well.  Her nasogastric tube was
taken out and she was started on sips.  She continued to do
well.  On postoperative day five, she started to develop some
burping and had still not passed any flatus.  Her abdomen
became slightly distended.  She was kept NPO.  However, on
postoperative day six, she passed large amounts of stool and
decision was made to start her again on clears.  She
tolerated clears well.

On postoperative day seven, she was advanced to a soft
regular diet and was discharged to rehabilitation in stable
condition.  Her vital signs were all stable.  She was
afebrile.  A Clostridium difficile had been sent given she
had multiple loose bowel movements, which is still pending.
She will follow-up with Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) 957**].