  1.  Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
exacerbation:  The patient was initially admitted to the
General Medical Service for a presumed chronic obstructive
pulmonary disease exacerbation in the setting of a upper
respiratory infection with negative DFAs for influenza A and
B.  Subsequently the patient was transferred to the Intensive
Care Unit and intubated for hypercapnic respiratory failure
and was continually treated with Levofloxacin, steroids and
nebulized Albuterol and Atrovent for this chronic obstructive
pulmonary disease exacerbation with full ventilatory support.
Several days into the Intensive Care Unit course bile
cultures for influenza came back positive.  The patient
completed a course of Levofloxacin and was briefly extubated
for two to three days with recurrent respiratory failure,
reintubated and eventually underwent tracheostomy.  On the
day of discharge the patient's chest x-ray remained clear.
The patient was afebrile and tolerating recurrent spontaneous
breathing trials on trach mask with intermittent requirement
of pressure support ventilation.  Sputum samples sent from
the day of discharge revealed gram positive cocci without
evidence of infiltrate on chest x-ray, evidence of a fever,
stable white blood cell count and improved respiratory
status.

2.  Cardiovascular:  The patient developed positive
intubation hypotension and intermittently required pressures
for support of his blood pressure throughout his Intensive
Care Unit course.  The patient also developed rapid atrial
fibrillation during his Emergency Department course that was
initially treated with Diltiazem.  The patient was placed on
Diltiazem drip and required intermittent boluses of Diltiazem
throughout his Intensive Care Unit course.  After extubation
the patient was switched to po Metoprolol of which he was
maintained as an outpatient for his known history of
paroxysmal atrial fibrillation and supraventricular
tachycardia.  At the time of discharge the patient had been
without pressers for several days and had his heart rate well
controlled on b.i.d. Metoprolol.  The patient's outpatient
cardiologist Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) 1147**] was involved in the care of this
patient on a day to day basis and frequently added input to
the care of his supraventricular tachycardia.

3.  Gastrointestinal bleed:  After intubation and placement
of a nasogastric tube the patient was noted to have evidence
of an upper gastrointestinal bleed.  The Gastroenterology
Service was consulted and performed an endoscopy and
discovered events of trauma from the nasogastric tube that
was thought to be the cause of this self limited upper
gastrointestinal bleed while on anticoagulation for the
paroxysmal atrial fibrillation.  The patient was without
evidence of gastrointestinal bleed throughout the remainder
of his hospitalization.

4.  Hematuria:  During the patient's Intensive Care Unit
course the patient developed gross hematuria in the setting
of continuous indwelling Foley catheters.  This hematuria was
associated with a brief drop in the patient's hematocrit,
which required 2 units of packed red blood cells for
transfusion.  After continuous bladder irrigation the
hematuria resolved and the patient was without such findings
throughout the remainder of his hospital course.

5.  Fluid, electrolytes and nutrition:  The patient was
maintained on tube feeds throughout his Intensive Care Unit
stay and received a percutaneous feeding tube placement and
was tolerating tube feeds at goal at the time of discharge.