
1) Gram negative septicemia due to cholangitis: Bacteremia may
have been secondary to manipulation during ERCP.  RUQ ultrasound
showed no evidence of cholecystitis.  Culture grew enterobacter.
 Patient received ampicillin and gentamicin while in house and
was discharged on po cipro.  Surveillance blood cultures remain
negative.  Plan for total of 14 days of antibiotics.  Patient is
hemodynamically stable.  LFTs are steadily improving.
Percutaneous biliary drain was discussed but was not necessary
given bili trending down with the cleaning of the stent done on
initial ERCP.
.
2) Cholangiocarcinoma/locally metastatic, growing into the
stent, obstructing bile ducts:  Patient is currently under
hospice care.
.
3) Syncope: Pacer was interrogated.  Episode of ? VT noted but
did not temporally correlate with patient's episode.  More
likely this was due to transient hypotension in the setting of
his sepsis.  However, could certainly consider AICD once
bacteremia completely treated given concurrent low EF (EF
20-30%).  However, patient is in hospice and likely would
refuse.  This was not discussed during his inhospital course.
Neuro exam was normal and head CT was negative.  Orthostatics
were negative.  No significant arrhythmias on tele other than a
transient tachycardia EP believes was possibly afib/flutter,
ventricularly paced.
.
4) Renal cyst:  Incidental finding on CT.  Consider follow-up
ultrasound to better characterize, as recommended, if patient
agreeable.
.
5) h/o CAD: Patient is on an aspirin and a beta blocker.  He
denied any chest pain.  His statin was held due to bump in LFTs.
 Could consider restarting at follow-up but likely little
benefit given overall prognosis and patient will continue to be
at risk of recurrent transaminitis.
.
6) h/o colitis: Patient was continued on his home Asacol,
Anaspaz
.
7) ARF: Resolved with IVF.  Likely prerenal.  Please resume
diovan at follow-up visit if creatinine and blood pressure
remain stable.
.
8) Coagulopathy: Resolved with vitamin K.  Inr 1.9 on admit, now
1.4.
.
9) Dispo: discharged home with prior hospice services
.
10) Code status: DNR/DNI