
Hospital course, by Problem:

#Respiratory Distress:  initially thought to be d/t aspiration
PNA.  Was intially treated with broad spectum abx (Vanc, CTX,
Flagyl).  Blood and Urine Cx negative but sputum did grow MRSA.
To sort out whether the patient simply had aspiration
pnuemonitis vs PNA, a CT scan of the chest was obtained.  This
showed almost complete collapse of the remaining portion of his
left lung from a L mainstem bronchus lesion, concerning for
metastatic disease.  It also showed narrowing of the trachea to
approx 8 mm from an enlarged left lobe of the thyroid, which is
stable in size according to his outside oncologists.  Because of
renal failure (see below), the patient was switched to Linezolid
to cover MRSA; CTX/Flagyl were continued to cover for ?
post-obstructive process. He will complete a today of a 10 day
course of antitiotics to end on [**9-15**].
.
#Acute Renal Failure:  during his hosptial course, his Cr rose
from a baseline of 0.3-0.4 to a peak of 2.2.  Renal U/S
negative.  Urine indicies not c/w pre-renal state, Urine Eos
neagtive.  Renal team consulted; felt to be secondary to ATN,
most likely from vancomycin.  Cr now starting to improve (2.0 on
day of discharge).
.
#Cerebral Mets:  on CT scan, there was noted to me marked
vasogenic edmema.  The patients DMS was increased to 4 mg IV q 8
hours and should be continued indefinatley as the patient
appears to be more awake when on the higher dose.  They can be
decreased should the patient develop agitation.
.
#ONC issues/goals of care:  after the Left mainstem lesion was
discovered, both interventional pulmonary team and radiation
team were consulted.  Both felt that bronchoscopy and radition
therapy would add little to his quality/quantity of life, given
his extremely poor performance status and prognosis.  His wife
was in agreement that he should not receive any invasive
procedures in the future.  She understood that should the
patient develop subsequent respiratory distress, she should not
be brought back to the hospital but should be given morphine and
ativan for comfort.
.
#Anemia:  high ferrtin c/w Anemia of Chronic Disease.  Stable.
.
#FEN:  the patient had speech/swallow evaluation which showed
moderate-severe oropharyngeal dysphagia characterized by reduced
bolus control and formation as well as a significant pharyngeal
swallow initiation delay with mild silent
aspiration of thin liquids.   The speech/swallow team
recommended Nectar thick liquids and pureed solids, PO meds
crushed in purees, along with 1:1 assistance for meals, strict
aspiration precautions.
