
1. MICU COURSE ([**Date range (1) 12258**]): Pt had an LP and the results of
the CSF analysis were unremarkable. Her mental status improved
in ICU and she became much more alert and was oriented by the
morning of the second hospital day. While in the ICU, the
chronic pain service was consulted. Their recommendations are
noted below.

2. Altered mental status: As above, the pt. underwent a lumbar
puncture, the results of which were not suggestive of CNS
infection as the cause of her encephalopathy.  A TSH, B12 and
electrolytes were sent which were all within normal limits. An
RPR was sent and was nonreactive. Upon further discussion with
the pt. when she became more alert, it was discovered that after
taking the first two doses of ciprofloxacin the week prior to
admission, the pt. became extremely nauseous and had episodes of
emesis and diarrhea.  This led the pt. to stop taking her
narcotics which she is on chronically for pain.  Thus, it was
believed that the pt's. altered mental status was secondary to
narcotics withdrawal.  It should be noted, however, that
ciprofloxacin has been associated with acute psychosis,
seizures, and acute delirium.

3. Chronic pain: The pt. reported that she had been on large
doses of oxycontin, valium and neurontin for pain in her right
shoulder, back and legs prior to admission.  In the context of
her heavy narcotics use, a chronic pain service consult was
obtained while the pt. was in the intensive care unit.  They
recommended stopping oxycontin and decreasing the dose of
valium.  In addition, they recommended continuing neurontin and
adding methadone.  The pt. initially tolerated this regimen
well.  However, on the fourth hospital day, the pt. continued to
complain of leg spasms.  Baclofen was introduced with some
success in relieving her spasms.
The pain service also recommended that the pt. be started on
celecoxib for musculoskeletal pain but this was held over the
concern of possible upper gastrointestinal bleeding in the
setting of iron deficiency anemia of yet uncertain etiology.

4. Iron deficiency anemia:  The pt. was found to have profound
iron deficiency anemia on admission.  Further discussion with
the pt. and her PCP revealed that the pt. has known iron
deficiency and has received supplementation in the past.  A
gastroenterology consult was called.  They had recommended
performing both colonoscopy to examine for occult malignancy
(especially in the face of recent unintentional weight loss and
cachexia) and an EGD to evaluate the anatomy of her upper GI
tract in light of her prior gastric bypass.  The pt. did not
desire to undergo these procedures during this inpatient
hospitalization, but agreed to follow-up for these studies on an
outpatient basis.  The importance of following-up regarding this
issue was explicitly stressed to the pt. prior to discharge.
She was discharged on 325mg of ferrous sulfate once per day.

5. Weight loss/cachexia/?malabsorption:  In light of the pt's.
~20 pounds over the 6 to 8 weeks prior to admission, a nutrition
consult was obtained.  They had recommended TPN in addition to
encouraging the pt. to increase her p.o. intake.  The pt. did
received three days of TPN through a PICC line in addition to a
regular diet.  There was, again, concern over occult malignancy
which further prompted the desire to perform a colonoscopy.  A
breast exam was also performed as a part of a malignancy work-up
and was unremarkable.  The pt. stated that she has had a
"negative" mammography within the last year.
The gastroenterology service also raised the possibility of
celiac disease and tTG-IgA and endomysial antibodies were sent
and were pending at the time of discharge.
There is also the possibility that her weight loss is secondary
to her profound depression with vegetative symptoms.

6. Depression: The pt. admitted to severe depression in the
months prior to admission.  As such, the psychiatry service was
consulted.  They recommended re-starting fluoxetine which was
done at a dose of 20mg per day.

7. Osteoporosis: The pt. was started on calcium and vitamin D
supplementation.

8. Migraine Headaches: The pt. complained of headache suggestive
of typical (not classical) migraine.  Her pain was not relieved
with acetaminophen.  A trial of subcutaneous sumatriptan,
however, did provide relief.  She was discharged with a
prescription for subcutaneous sumatriptan with instructions to
stop taking the medication if she experienced flushing,
dizziness, fatigue (suggestive of serotonin syndrome due to
concomitant use of fluoxetine).