  In summary, patient is a 77-year-old female
with a history of depression, who presents to the ED with
mental status changes and was subsequently found to have
lithium toxicity and acute renal failure.

1. Lithium toxicity:  Etiology likely from chronic use in
setting of prerenal insult and hypovolemia with unclear
precipitating factor.  Patient was seen by both the
Toxicology and Renal services, and subsequently underwent
hemodialysis for six hours on the night of admission.
Subsequent lithium levels remained within normal limits and
no further hemodialysis was required.

2. Acute renal failure, prerenal etiology:  Patient was
resuscitated with IV fluids and her creatinine subsequently
returned to baseline levels.

3. Mental status changes most likely due to lithium toxicity.
Some question whether patient could additionally have had an
infectious etiology as she had a low-grade fever throughout
her stay.  Her leukocytosis and low-grade fevers resolved,
and her mental status gradually improved.  Given that she had
a nonfocal neurologic examination, a meningitis/encephalitis
or stroke as an etiology for delta MS was considered
unlikely, therefore lumbar puncture and MRI respectively were
considered, but not pursued.  Additionally, patient's
neuropsych medications were held throughout her stay.

4. Questionable left lower lobe infiltrate:  Patient remained
without impressive symptoms or exam findings.  Finding most
likely felt to be consistent with atelectasis.  The patient
did not receive antibiotics during her stay.

5. History of depression:  Patient was seen by Psychiatry,
who recommended holding patient's prior outpatient
psychiatric regimen.  Patient is to have outpatient followup
with Psychiatry and final medical resident to be determined
at this time.

6. Hypertension:  Patient's antihypertensive regimen was held
on admission given acute renal failure and hypotension.
Prior to discharge, she was reinitiated on her outpatient
regimen of Valsartan and hydrochlorothiazide at their
previous doses.

7. Code:  Patient remains full code, contact is patient's
brother, [**Name (NI) 565**].