
Patient is a 54-year-old female who had a total knee repair 2
weeks ago and subsequently developed heparin induced
thrombocytopenia with a large right iliofemoral DVT and over the
past 3 days. Progressive signs of phlegmasia
cerulea dolens. Despite aggressive anticoagulation with direct
thrombin inhibitors and elevation, the toes were progressively
gangrenous and venous thrombectomy was required to prevent limb
loss. She was not a candidate for thrombolysis, due to her
recent knee replacement.  Patient was admitted and placed on
argatroban for anticoagulation and diltiazem.  Patient was
transfused 2units x2 for low hct. Patient was taken to the OR
venous thrombectomy to salvage limb.  In the OR the patient was
found to have a patent left iliac venous system and patent
inferior vena cava. Uneventful deployment of a Tulip IVC filter.
Successful thrombectomy of the femoral vein of the thigh and
profunda veins along with large amount of thrombus removed from
the right iliac system. The resultant clearing was quite good.
AV fistula was placed from the branch of the anterior saphenous
vein to the superficial femoral artery.  Patient tolerated the
procedure well and was transferred in stable condition to CVICU
intubated and given argatatroban.

POD1: swelling on right leg was much improved. Patient was
extubated.
SW was consulted and saw the patient several times for emotional
suppor and to help cope with her illness.   Patient was
continued tx of vanco/flagyl for prophylaxis.

POD2:  Physical therapy cleared for rehab.

POD3:  Patient was started on coumadin anticoagulation. Was
encouraged to be OOB for short periods.  Physical therapy was
c/s for dx & tx.

POD4: psychiatry was consulted for assessment and management of
anxiety. Pt was assessed with dx c/w adjustment d/o with mixed
anxiety/depression and recommended ativan 0.5mg PO TID PRN
anxiety.  Psychiatry continued to follow during her stay.

POD5:  Argatroban was stopped (PTT was 102.0 and INR was 5.1)
and INR checked four hours later to allow the effects of
argatroban to wear off (PTT90.8, INR4.9 at that time).  Due to
therapeutic INR,  argatroban remained off and patient was
anticoagulated with coumadin only with target INR [**3-1**].
Silvadine was applied to right foot wound. And activity was
increased to touchdown weight bearing of right heel.

POD6:  INR 3.7 and PTT 45.9  and coumadin 7.5mg given and
PTT/INR cont to followed.
POD8:  INR 4.3 and PTT 54.3, last INR prior to D/C