
Pt was seen and resuscitated in the trauma bay. His primary
survey was unremarkable and secondary survey revealed a nearly
amputated RLE at the level of the ankle/mid tibia, as well as
two lacerations on the LUE, each approx 5-6cm. Orthopedics and
Plastic Surgery were consulted to the trauma bay for management
of these two injuries respectively. He required one unit pRBCs
during his resuscitation. The patient did still have a
dopplerable pulse in the RLE, and was taken immediately to the
OR for preliminary stabilization of the associated fractures in
an attempt to salvage this extremity. His forearm lacerations
were repaired concurrently.  The patient was followed for these
injuries and admitted to the trauma service for management. He
was progressing well with an open right tib fib injury that had
already been stabilized, but continued to have unstable
hematocrits, requiring multiple additional transfusions. No
source outside of the RLE could be identified, so the bleeding
was assumed to be from his lower extremity injuries.

During the patients recovery on the floor he developed acute
mental status changes . A head CT was obtained with no acute
changes. He was given Haldol for agitation and acutely developed
fever to 103F. A diagnosis of Neuroleptic Malignant Syndrome was
presumed and he was transferred to the SICU for management. He
was also noted with high urine output and hypernatremia; of note
he has a history of bipolar disorder and has been on lithium.
Psychiatry became involved and his Lithium and other psychiatric
meds were withheld. His Na did normalize and was 141 at time of
discharge. His psychiatric meds were recommended to be slowed
restarted. All of his other potentially offending medications
were held and he was followed in the ICU until his fevers
resolved and his mental status improved.

Following this, the patient was transferred to the floor for
further management. He was evaluated by Psychiatry for
recommendations regarding his home psych meds and they were
resumed at lower doses in order to assess his response. At time
of this dictation he is tolerating these initial doses and
should be increased to his home dose once continued stabilized
while at rehab.

He did have significant pain control issues requiring initially
higher doses of his narcotics. He was started on Methadone 10 mg
[**Hospital1 **] to manage his acute pain issues and is also receiving
Dilaudid po prn for breakthrough pain.

He was evaluated by Physical therapy and is being recommended
for rehab after his acute hospital stay.