
Upper GI bleed:
Pt. initially with borderline hypotension and tachycardia.
Responded well to fluid resuscitation.  Admitted initially to
ICU, where an EGD was performed on AM of hospital day 2.  EGD
revealed duodenitis, no active bleed, no ulcer, Barrett's
esophagus. In the ICU, was transfused 2 units pRBC, 1 unit FFP.

Given initial low BP and GIB, all antihypertensives were
initially held, as was coumadin.Throughout the rest of hospital
stay, pt. had stable vital signs, no further GIB.  Hct responded
appropriately to transfusion, remained stable.
Antihypertensives and coumadin were restarted on HD 3 and were
tolerated well.
Overall, continued ASA and warfarin, but stopped plavix after
consultation with Cardiology.
.
Respiratory distress/asthma flare:
On Hospital day 3, began to have increasing respiratory
distress. Exam notable for marked wheezing. CXR with no definite
infiltrates. While initially volume overloaded after MICU stay,
no longer had evidence of CHF. Overall, he was treated with
prednisone and nebs for asthma flare. Also empirically treated
for PNA - although limited evidence for this on cxr - with
rocephin/azithro. Will be d/c with levaquin to complete 7 day
course.
.
Chest pressure:
On the night of HD 3, patient had an episode of L-sided chest
pain that was ssociated with diaphoresis and an increased 02
requirement (responded to 2L NC).  Pain resolved quickly with 3
SL nitroglycerin, albuterol neb, and IV lasix.
Cardiac enzymes were trended and over the following day climbed
from 0.05 to a peak of 0.08. He had no further events, and had
stress MIBI in hospital prior to discharge, which again
demonstrated his severe ischemic dilated cardiomyopathy and
also multiple predominantly fixed perfusion defects - previous
stress in [**2137**] with progressively worse reversible perfusion
defects. Will continue medicla management.
.
ARF on CKD:
Pt. had briefly elevated Cr, which returned quickly to baseline
with fluid resuscitation.  In setting of GIB, seemed c/w
prerenal picture.  ACEI was initially held, but restarted
without adverse effect once Cr returned to baseline. Remained at
baseline thereafter with re-introduction of meds.
.
Abdominal pain/constipation: On HD 3, pt. developed bilateral
lower quadrant abdominal pain, which he attributed to not having
had a bowel movement since admission to hospital.  Abdominal
exam was benign, KUB unremarkable. Had relief
after BM.
.
